# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`kafka_connect`](#kafka_connect): Manages kafka-connect

#### Private Classes

* `kafka_connect::manage_connectors`: Manage KC connectors

### Resource types

* [`manage_connector`](#manage_connector): Manage running Kafka Connect connectors.

## Classes

### <a name="kafka_connect"></a>`kafka_connect`

Main kafka_connect class

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include kafka_connect
```

##### 

```puppet
class { 'kafka_connect':
  connector_config_dir => '/etc/kafka-connect-jdbc',
  rest_port            => 8084,
  enable_delete        => true,
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `kafka_connect` class:

* [`connectors_absent`](#connectors_absent)
* [`connectors_paused`](#connectors_paused)
* [`connector_config_dir`](#connector_config_dir)
* [`owner`](#owner)
* [`group`](#group)
* [`hostname`](#hostname)
* [`rest_port`](#rest_port)
* [`enable_delete`](#enable_delete)
* [`restart_on_failed_state`](#restart_on_failed_state)

##### <a name="connectors_absent"></a>`connectors_absent`

Data type: `Optional[Array]`

List of connectors to ensure absent.

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="connectors_paused"></a>`connectors_paused`

Data type: `Optional[Array]`

List of connectors to ensure paused.

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="connector_config_dir"></a>`connector_config_dir`

Data type: `String`

Configuration directory for connector properties files.

Default value: `'/etc/kafka-connect'`

##### <a name="owner"></a>`owner`

Data type: `String`

Owner to set on connector and secret file permissions.

Default value: `'cp-kafka-connect'`

##### <a name="group"></a>`group`

Data type: `String`

Group to set on connector and secret file permissions.

Default value: `'confluent'`

##### <a name="hostname"></a>`hostname`

Data type: `String`

The hostname or IP of the KC service.

Default value: `'localhost'`

##### <a name="rest_port"></a>`rest_port`

Data type: `Integer`

Port to connect to for the REST API.

Default value: `8083`

##### <a name="enable_delete"></a>`enable_delete`

Data type: `Boolean`

Enable delete of running connectors.
Required for the provider to actually remove when set to absent.

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="restart_on_failed_state"></a>`restart_on_failed_state`

Data type: `Boolean`

Allow the provider to auto restart on FAILED connector state.

Default value: ``false``

## Resource types

### <a name="manage_connector"></a>`manage_connector`

Manage running Kafka Connect connectors.

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `manage_connector` type.

##### `config_updated`

Valid values: `yes`, `no`, `unknown`

Property to ensure running config matches file config.

Default value: `yes`

##### `connector_state_ensure`

Valid values: `RUNNING`, `PAUSED`

State of the connector to ensure.

Default value: `RUNNING`

##### `ensure`

Valid values: `present`, `absent`

The basic property that the resource should be in.

Default value: `present`

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `manage_connector` type.

* [`config_file`](#config_file)
* [`enable_delete`](#enable_delete)
* [`hostname`](#hostname)
* [`name`](#name)
* [`port`](#port)
* [`provider`](#provider)
* [`restart_on_failed_state`](#restart_on_failed_state)

##### <a name="config_file"></a>`config_file`

Config file fully qualified path.

##### <a name="enable_delete"></a>`enable_delete`

Valid values: ``true``, ``false``, `yes`, `no`

Flag to enable delete, required for remove action.

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="hostname"></a>`hostname`

The hostname or IP of the KC service.

Default value: `localhost`

##### <a name="name"></a>`name`

namevar

The name of the connector resource you want to manage.

##### <a name="port"></a>`port`

The listening port of the KC service.

Default value: `8083`

##### <a name="provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `manage_connector` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet will
usually discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

##### <a name="restart_on_failed_state"></a>`restart_on_failed_state`

Valid values: ``true``, ``false``, `yes`, `no`

Flag to enable auto restart on FAILED connector state.

Default value: ``false``

